Update README.md (#6)
OpenSourceRaidGuild/first-quest: README.md

> # Hi :wave: Welcome to the OSS Raid Guild :crossed_swords:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Hi :wave: Welcome to the Open Source Raid Guild :crossed_swords:
```
